# ESTABLISHMENT OF VIETNAMESE INTELLECTUAL WOMEN

(Labor) - The first congress to establish the Vietnam Women's Intellectual Association was held in Hanoi on the morning of March 8. This is one of the important events contributing to affirm the role of the contingent of female intellectuals in particular and Vietnamese women in general. The Vietnam Women's Intellectuals Association is a professional social organization of Vietnamese female intellectuals, has the role of gathering and uniting the contingent of intellectuals to support and promote their capacities and roles in intellectual activities. knowledge, contributing to the development of the country. At the same time, it will create conditions for female intellectuals to promote their role in advising and consulting the planning of solutions to contribute to the advancement and equality of women.

Congratulating the launch of the Vietnam Women's Intellectuals Association, Deputy Prime Minister Nguyen Thien Nhan affirmed: Intellectual women have been actively contributing to policy making, training human resources, and improving people's intellectual standards. , fostering talents, creating and composing valuable scientific, cultural and artistic works ... The Deputy Prime Minister suggested that the conference should have supportive policies for female intellectuals, especially female intellectuals. young awareness, learning opportunities, continuing to further improve qualifications, while demonstrating the leading role in research on significant issues for the country, especially women's issues. and Vietnamese family.

The congress elected an executive committee of 35 female intellectuals. Prof. Dr. Pham Thi Tran Chau was elected as the President of the Vietnam Women's Intellectual Association for the 2011-2016 term.
